we're adam and joanne from
inspiredtaste.net and beaking pattern
and a little bit of salt together in a
bowl we know the whole tablespoon of
baking powder sounds like a lot but
trust us that's what makes the pancakes
extra fluffy melt four tablespoons of
butter in the microwave then warm up one
and a quarter cups of milk we like to
use 2% but whole milk works too now that
the milk is warm but not hot add the
melted butter a teaspoon of vanilla
extract as well as one large egg just
whisk everything together until well
blended switch out the whisk for a fork
then combine the milk with the flour
stir until you no longer see large
clumps of flour we're using a fork here
so we don't over mix the batter over mix
batter makes pancakes heavy and flat
heat a large pan or griddle over medium
heat it's ready if you can sprinkle
water into the pan and they dance and
evaporate add a little butter then use a
quarter cup measuring cup to spoon the
batter onto the pan when the edges look
dry and bubbles start to appear and pop
flip it once flipped cook the pancake
another minute or two until it's lightly
browned and cooked in the middle
and there you have it our essential
fluffy pancake recipe you should get
about eight pancakes
we love serving them warm with butter
and syrup enjoy